chore: `VisitedPcs` trait in `CachedState` (#3)
reilabs/blockifier: docs/BENCHMARK.md

> # Addition of `VisitedPcs` trait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Adding the `VisitedPcs` Trait
```

> # Addition of `VisitedPcs` trait

Reviewer: This file should be called something more like `Adding_the_VisitedPcs_Trait.md` as it is not specifically about benchmarking in general, rather this specific effort.

> Current blockifier doesn't store the complete vector of visited program counters
> for each entry point call in an invoke transaction. Instead, visited program
> counters are pushed in a `HashSet`. This is a limiting factor to perform
> profiling operations which require record of the full trace returned by
> `cairo-vm`. More flexibility is added to the blockifier with the introduction of
> trait `VisitedPcs` which allows the user to process visited program counters in
> the most suitable way for the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state of the blockifier as of commit XXX doesn't store the complete vector of visited program counters
for each entry-point in an invoke transaction. Instead, visited program
counters are pushed into a `HashSet`. Unfortunately this limits the ability to perform profiling operations, as many require a record of the full trace returned from the `cairo-vm`.

In order to enable more in-depth tracing use-cases, we have introduced the `VisitedPcs` trait which allows the user to process the visited program counters as they see fit.
```

> ## Existing code

Reviewer: "Existing Code" ceases to mean anything once this is merged. You should refer to a specific commit, and even link to the file in question (github link as you can link to a specific commit).

Visited program counters are kept in the `CachedState` structure as shown below:

```rust
#[derive(Debug)]
pub struct CachedState<S: StateReader> {
    pub state: S,
    // Invariant: read/write access is managed by CachedState.
    // Using interior mutability to update caches during `State`'s immutable getters.
    pub(crate) cache: RefCell<StateCache>,
    pub(crate) class_hash_to_class: RefCell<ContractClassMapping>,
    /// A map from class hash to the set of PC values that were visited in the class.
    pub visited_pcs: HashMap<ClassHash, HashSet<usize>>,
}
```

> ## New code

Reviewer: "New code" will also cease to mean anything once this is merged. You can instead say "after <specific commit>" or something similar, and again link to the code (filesystem link, as we care about the _current_ code here).

> `VisitedPcs` is an additional generic parameter of `CachedState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`VisitedPcs` is added as an additional generic parameter of `CachedState`.
```

```rust
#[derive(Debug)]
pub struct CachedState<S: StateReader, V: VisitedPcs> {
    pub state: S,
    // Invariant: read/write access is managed by CachedState.
    // Using interior mutability to update caches during `State`'s immutable getters.
    pub(crate) cache: RefCell<StateCache>,
    pub(crate) class_hash_to_class: RefCell<ContractClassMapping>,
    /// A map from class hash to the set of PC values that were visited in the class.
    pub visited_pcs: V,
}
```

> An implementation of the trait `VisitedPcs` is included in the blockifier with
> the name `VisitedPcsSet` and it mimics the existing `HashSet<usize>`. Also, for
> test purposes, `CachedState` is instantiated using `VisitedPcsSet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of the trait `VisitedPcs` is included in the blockifier with
the name `VisitedPcsSet`. This mimics the existing `HashSet<usize>` usage of this field. For
test purposes, `CachedState` is instantiated using `VisitedPcsSet`.
```

> ## Performance considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Performance Considerations
```

Remember to use title case!

> Given the importance of the blockifier in the Starknet ecosystem, we want to
> measure the performance impact of adding the trait `VisitedPcs`. The existing
> bechmark `transfers` doesn't cover operations with `CachedState` therefore we
> need to design new ones. We have created two new benchmarks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the importance of the blockifier's performance in the Starknet ecosystem, measuring the impact of adding the aforementioned `VisitedPcs` trait is very important. The existing
bechmark `transfers` doesn't cover operations that use the `CachedState`, and therefore we
have designed new ones as follows:
```

You want to talk about it as if we _have already done_ this stuff, not that we _want_ to. By the time it is read, we will have done it!

- `cached_state`: this benchmark tests the performance impact of populating
  `visited_pcs` (implemented using `VisitedPcsSet`) with a realistic amount of
  visited program counters. The size of the sets is taken from transaction

>   `0x0177C9365875CAA840EA8F03F97B0E3A8EE8851A8B952BF157B5DBD4FECCB060` in the
>   mainnet. This transaction has been chosen randomly, but there is no assurance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `0x0177C9365875CAA840EA8F03F97B0E3A8EE8851A8B952BF157B5DBD4FECCB060` on
  mainnet. This transaction has been chosen randomly but there is no assurance
```

  that it's representative of the most common Starknet invoke transaction. This
  benchmark tests the write performance of visited program counters in the state
  struct.
- `execution`: this benchmark simulates a whole invoke transaction using a dummy
  contract.

> ## Performance impact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Performance Impact
```

> A script `bench.sh` has been added to benchmark the performance impact of these
> changes: it is called as
> `bash scripts/bench.sh 14e6a87722c1d0c757b1aa2756ffabe3f248fd7d e39ae0be4cec31938399199e0a1070279b4a78ed`.
> The computer running the benchmark is: Debian VM over Windows 10 with VMWare
> Workstation 17, i9-9900K, 64GB RAM, Samsung 990 Pro NVME SSD.
> 
> The Rust toolchain used is:
> ```
> 1.78-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu (default)
> rustc 1.78.0 (9b00956e5 2024-04-29)
> ```
> 
> Noise threshold and confidence intervals are kept as per default Criterion.rs
> configuration.
> 
> The results are shown in the following table:
> 
> | Benchmark    | Time (ms) | Time change (%) | Criterion.rs report           |
> | ------------ | --------- | --------------- | ----------------------------- |
> | transfers    | 94.448    | +0.1080         | No change in performance      |
> | execution    | 1.2882    | -1.7216         | Change within noise threshold |
> | cached_state | 5.2330    | -0.8703         | No change in performance      |
> 
> The analysis of Criterion.rs determines that there isn't statistically
> significant performance decrese.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bench.sh` script has been added to benchmark the performance impact of these
changes.

The benchmark results presented below were conducted under the following conditions:

- **Operating System:** Debian (WHICH VERSION) running in a VMWare Workstation 17 VM on Windows 10 (WHICH VERSION)
- **Hardware:** i9-9900K @ XXX GHz, 64GB of RAM, Samsung 990 Pro NVMe SSD.
- **Rust Toolchain:** 1.78-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu / rust 1.78.0 (9b00956e5 2024-04-29). 

The script was called as follows, but you may need to adjust the commit hashes in question to reproduce these results:

`bash scripts/bench.sh 14e6a87722c1d0c757b1aa2756ffabe3f248fd7d e39ae0be4cec31938399199e0a1070279b4a78ed`

The noise threshold and confidence intervals are kept as per default Criterion.rs
configuration.

The results are as follows:

| Benchmark    | Time (ms) | Time change (%) | Criterion.rs report           |
| ------------ | --------- | --------------- | ----------------------------- |
| transfers    | 94.448    | +0.1080         | No change in performance      |
| execution    | 1.2882    | -1.7216         | Change within noise threshold |
| cached_state | 5.2330    | -0.8703         | No change in performance      |

Criterion's inbuilt confidence analysis suggests that these results have no statistical significant and do not represent real-world performance changes.
```
